README.md, before:

# Multi Agent System with AutoGen Studio

Welcome to the AutoGen workshop. This repository serves as a supporting guide
and contains a series of application examples that we will examine together
during the workshop.

First, install AutoGen Studio on your PC. AutoGen Studio is a web server that
you can operate locally through your browser. The studio allows you to create
and manage teams of AI agents.

The repository contains example team configurations in JSON format, which you
can load into the studio.

## Installation Guide

First, follow the [installation instructions](docs/install.md).

Next, you can load the team configurations into AutoGen Studio.

## Team Configurations

- [Software Team](teams/software_team.json) consisting of Software Programmer, Software Critic, Groupchat Assistant

## Tour of AutoGen Studio

Here is the AutoGen Studio start screen. On the left tab, you will find the
sections `Skills`, `Models`, `Agents`, and `Workflows`, which we will now
explore in more detail.

![Startscreen](docs/autogenstudio-startpage.png)

### Skills

Skills display a list of Python functions available to the agents. Agents
assigned a skill can execute it depending on the state of the LLM model with
inferred parameters. This can be used, as shown in the example, to generate and
save an image.

![Skill example](docs/autogenstudio-skill.png)

### Models

Models show a list of the deep learning models available in the studio. Each
model can be assigned to an agent and forms the basis of the agent's data
processing.

### Agents

Agents display a list of the agents stored in the studio. There are three types
of agents:

1. **User Proxy Agent.** This agent either receives a prompt from the user
   (you) or can execute Python and other code blocks.

2. **Assistant Agent.** An assistant processes a prompt with the underlying LLM
   model and responds to the prompter. The assistant agent can also execute
   code blocks and process the output further.

3. **GroupChat Manager.** This manager coordinates interactions between
   multiple agents. It receives text from one agent and determines to which
   agent the text should be forwarded.

### Workflows

Workflows display the list of workflows. Each workflow instantiates a set of
agents and establishes communication relationships between them.

There are two types of workflows to choose from:

1. **Autonomous (Chat).** A group of agents participates in a message exchange,
   where ($n>2$) a GroupChat Manager decides to whom a message is directed.

2. **Sequential.** A sequence of agents exchanges messages in a specific order.

Commit message:

Chg(readme): reference tetris guide

README.md, after:

# Multi Agent System with AutoGen Studio

Welcome to the AutoGen workshop. This repository serves as a supporting guide
and contains a series of application examples that we will examine together
during the workshop.

First, install AutoGen Studio on your PC. AutoGen Studio is a web server that
you can operate locally through your browser. The studio allows you to create
and manage teams of AI agents.

The repository contains example team configurations in JSON format, which you
can load into the studio.

## Quick Start Guide

First, follow the [installation instructions](docs/install.md) to get started
AutoGen Studio. Once the platform is running you can get started by running
with [this](docs/tetris-config.md) step-by-step guide to building Tetris.

## Tour of AutoGen Studio

Here is the AutoGen Studio start screen. On the left tab, you will find the
sections `Skills`, `Models`, `Agents`, and `Workflows`, which we will now
explore in more detail.

![Startscreen](docs/autogenstudio-startpage.png)

### Skills

Skills display a list of Python functions available to the agents. Agents
assigned a skill can execute it depending on the state of the LLM model with
inferred parameters. This can be used, as shown in the example, to generate and
save an image.

![Skill example](docs/autogenstudio-skill.png)

### Models

Models show a list of the deep learning models available in the studio. Each
model can be assigned to an agent and forms the basis of the agent's data
processing.

### Agents

Agents display a list of the agents stored in the studio. There are three types
of agents:

1. **User Proxy Agent.** This agent either receives a prompt from the user
   (you) or can execute Python and other code blocks.

2. **Assistant Agent.** An assistant processes a prompt with the underlying LLM
   model and responds to the prompter. The assistant agent can also execute
   code blocks and process the output further.

3. **GroupChat Manager.** This manager coordinates interactions between
   multiple agents. It receives text from one agent and determines to which
   agent the text should be forwarded.

### Workflows

Workflows display the list of workflows. Each workflow instantiates a set of
agents and establishes communication relationships between them.

There are two types of workflows to choose from:

1. **Autonomous (Chat).** A group of agents participates in a message exchange,
   where ($n>2$) a GroupChat Manager decides to whom a message is directed.

2. **Sequential.** A sequence of agents exchanges messages in a specific order.
